Do you have any questions?
At this point, yep?
>> Yeah, so earlier you had,
didn't you have
types that were you could have like-
>> Tuples?
>> Yeah, tuples, so Is it better to
have the structures or tuples?
>> So let's say that the human
has a name and let's say an age.
Now, you can see that they
will get an error in line 14,
because the age is not optional
I need to add the age, okay?
And let's say I'm 15, right?
I look like 15, so
what's the difference between this and
defining a type like, let's say I
have Anna instead of using a human,
a structure,
I define an string integer tuple,
that I can even set a name for
each segment of the tuple, right?
So and then I say, Anna,
is 20, what's the difference?
Well first, in this case,oh,
because it's an integer, no a string.
So I cannot have functions in tuples,
so no methods.
And also no protocol compliance
that we didn't see that yet.
But those are the main differences, okay?
So you use tuples for very simple data.
Again, coordinates something that you
don't wanna mess with that just instead
of having x and y, you create coordinate
with x and y inside and nothing else.
But if you wanna add behavior, it's better
to create a structure, but in memory,
there are kind of similar, in terms of
the memory used, it's kind of similar.
>> Confused, because I thought he said
structures were of no methods, but
they have methods.
>> Yeah, structures, they can have
methods, they can have initializers.
>> So with objects is it just reference,
no reference, that's the only difference?
>> With classes.
>> That's the only difference,
with classes?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> And also, you don't have a super class.
>> Okay, you can hear it.
>> So you don't have the part of OOP.
>> Okay, okay.
>> So it's a kind of a half
baked class but more efficient.
>> Okay, so it's created to
have more efficiency in it.
>> Yeah, exactly, but
on a normal IOS application
you prefer efficiency over
what OOP is offering you.
And most of the time you have a lot of
situations that you're using classes when
other languages because you
don't have our other option and
maybe extracts are a better fit.
Okay?
>> So whenever you don't need to have
full objects then this is better.
>> Yeah, in most cases you don't
need full option from classes.
Be careful because sometimes we
call instances of abstract and
instances of classes.
The option term sometimes
can be applied to both.
It's more typically two classes,
so you have an option of a class.
But sometimes you will see people saying
you have an option to find a structure
because it's also an instance in memory.
We prefer instances.
>> In Swift you cannot
initialize the structures.
>> Yeah, I mean, you don't yeah I mean you
don't need to create an initializer but
you can, so I can have here, So
now in this case,
this is a default initializer.
So without arguments,
now it's complaining here because if you
set an initializer,
you're removing the default initializer.
So now if you want to receive name and
age,
you need to create another one manually
that receives the name and the age.
If you don't set an initializer,
you have one by default.
But if not you need to manually create it.
>> Okay.
>> Okay?
Well, on their match we have
already seen the quickly the gar,
things that we're not going to use later.
And actually something that
I can quickly show you,
because most of you
are expecting this to happen.
But I wanna tell you
that try catch here works
completely different
from what you're used to.
And most of the framework
is not using exceptions.
There are libraries and parts of the
framework that may be using exceptions.
So this is more from your own code, okay?
So you cannot catch some exception
from the system because there
are not exceptions,
they're using other ways to manage error.
The exception system exists here If and
if not try catch it's do catch.
And then there is a time
that you need to use
as a prefix to the function that throws.
So if you have a function
that throws it says
here throws, you can throw an exception.
How do you call that function that
throws with a try, prefix, okay?
It's more similar to how a weight works
cane in other languages what also here.
So use do these code and
some of this code will throw exceptions,
some other code will not throw exceptions.
But I wanna emphasize that you will see
later that we are not going to use this.
And an standard iOS application that
talks to the UI will never use this.
Because the framework in the basics
is not using exceptions,
you can use exceptions in your own model,
okay?
In your business logic if you want.
And for that you have an exception
framework and you have, do try catch.
But let's say for
now is part of advanced swift and
not part of basic swift because you
don't need to use it by default, okay?
So at this point,
I think that you're ready to
start doing something
with what we've seen.
And I know that there are more
to see about swift, but
also we need to create an app.
And you will see that every single
we've seen in swift it's enough
to understand how to make an app, okay?
And we're going to reemphasize these
concepts as long as we are coding our app.